1. Get active members and their information
   Part A preimum and Part B premium.
   Medicaid status, CFDA, CFDD etc
   Active = Part C sum > 0
2. Get member's PCP and their information
   Provider speciality codes
3. Get Encounter Status, WQ, D
   Crosswalk Encounter Status using case statement
   Crosswalk Encounter Rejection status
   Find out if HCC is accepted.
4. Get Rejection Summary
   From the rejection lookup the submitted data
5. Get Encounter not submitted
   Prepare a list in csv format
6. Get void claims
   Get replacement claims (rev_ind, rev_to, rev_from)
7. Get number of new diagnosis code
   Compress, crosswalk name, hcc
8. Get number of new HCC
9. Get revenue impact (bid rate * risk score)
   initial, EOL, final timeline
10. Get risk score
    Processed date vs. Service Date
    Initial, Mid Year, End of Year
11. Get forecasted risk score
    Assumption about membership, risk score and model change
12. Get final status
    max(final_status)
13. Get number of MAO 004 rejects
    Crosswalk Disallow Reason Code
14. Get number of MAO 002 rejects
    Crosswalk Informational and Rejection Edit code
15. Get list of rejection code crosswalk
16. Get list of mbi and hicn
17. Transpose text to database
18. Transpose columms to rows and rows to columns
    Import data through column width delimited spec
19. Get provider specialty code and cms specialty code
20. Get list of chart review/in home assessment list
21. Calculate ROI 
22. Calculate rejection revenue
23. Find members with EDRD but not getting coded as ESRD
24. Find members in a nursing home long term, but not coded as LTH
25. Reconcile enrollment and disenrollment (MRR, TRR)
26. CD, region, parent cdo, cdo, hp level report
27. For enrollment and disenrollment, use MMR, and TRR to find reason.
28. Perform data mapping and data gap analysis
29. Recapture analysis
30. Member with RA visits
31. Average diagnosis code per member (by demographic type)
32. Forecast clinicial risk score (co-current in year)
33. Forecast financial risk score (prospective)
34. Forecast financial CMS payment revenue and POP payment
    Estimate model change impact, risk score change impact.
    Given membership and demographic information.
35. Reconcile disenrollment reason MMR/TRR
